Hello. Good sir.
Good evening, sir. Good evening everyone, sir.
Okay,
third from next class.
We'll get into deep Q learning.
So today is the last, uh, example that I'll show
for normal Q Learning.
Hi sir. Good evening. Yeah. Hi. Good evening
Sir. A few question
is there regarding assignments, sir?
Uh, so first question is that, uh, uh, for uh,
frozen lake we can use uh, in build open ai uh,
frozen lake environment?
No. Or we have to code it from scratch, sir?
No, no. You use the environment from open AI gene.
Yes, sir. And um, in the assignment when we are uh, uh,
so clicking on add solution button, it is showing that you,
we need to write also notes and submit.
But earlier you mentioned that we have to write the code
and submit the Jupyter notebook.
Okay, just a minute. Yes. Uh,
you can share the screen of your submission button, uh,
after some time then. Okay?
Uh, yes, sure sir. I will
Say you have to only upload a Python Jupyter script
in addition what it is asking.
Yeah, just let me, uh, just let me open one sir.
Hmm, Sir. Uh, dot IPY and B file.
We were unable to submit,
so I have converted it into PDF and submitted.
It is fine now, sir.
Mm, it is fine, but uh, it should be
the notebook should be uploaded.
Yeah, that notebook only I have printed it so it'll come
as a PDF.
Hmm. So that, that I have uploaded, so it is fine. Also
Try to uh, reapp upload.
I'll check with my ta.
Is there any template, uh,
or any kind of formatting it is asking
while giving the option?
Yeah, I'm sharing my screen sir. Hmm.
I hope my screen is visible.
So here it is saying that you have uh,
or you have to write the answer in your notebook,
then make a PDF and upload here.
Oh, so then there is no option to upload notebook.
We can, uh, g option Jeep.
We can't try and Brenda, have you tried G
Sir, can you just go down here?
I have print. So here only a PDF uh, document
and uh, emails it is available.
So what we can do is
that we can print the notebook and then upload it.
So that will come as PDF, uh,
but the code will be there, a code output,
uh, everything will be there.
Okay. So yeah, then in that way we submit the pdf DF only.
Uh, yeah, I have just one new area.
Uh, can we, uh, do it in, uh, attach PPT?
It is there, can we, uh, submit PPT attach it in new PPT
and submit or docs also you,
we can attach in the docs word and the notebook
and submit the uh, word file itself.
No, submit A PDF
because all, all the output will be there in the PDF.
Yes sir. August. Thank you sir.
Okay. Okay,
so today I will show you the example for card poll.
Let share the screen. There is another
gaming environment called cardpool.
The last class I was discussing about it,
you are able to see my screen, right?
Yes sir. Mm-hmm.
Yes sir. So here it is, the Cardpool environment, go
to the gymnasium environment, document is available.
Okay, so two example. Last class I had been discussing.
One is that New York taxi problem
and the other one is the cardpool.
The Cardpool. Last class I started,
but I did not finish it up.
So the, what is the environment for Cardpool?
We'll use that normal q learning for solving this.
Let me uh, start running in the background before I,
we just start running that so that
by the time we finish discussion, I'll come back
to see the output,
okay?
Okay. Hmm.
So this card pole example is basically
you are having a pole.
You can think of
that there is a pain you are holding on your, uh, finger.
It is a ball point pain.
You can consider that this is the game that uh, you have to
keep the, keep the pain perpendicular to your finger
and you have to move your finger within some distance.
You can move forward and move back.
And when the angle between the perpendicular line
and the pole is going beyond the limit, in
that case you have failed.
Again. If you are able to maintain the angle
between the pole and the vertical line is between the limit
and you are able to travel on your, uh,
horizon in the forward
or backward mode for some particular distance, then in
that case you have win the game.
Okay? Suppose you have crossed a particular distance,
then you have lost the game.
So we have action space action.
Action is basically either moving
forward or moving backward.
Observance and spaces.
Observation space means you have a state,
you have a action to be taken.
Action is basically it is having either
forward or backward movement.
State means at a particular state where you are now located,
the state is having four information here.
The first information is the location
of your, uh, of your pole.
Okay? This location is having only one dimension.
This is zero, this is plus 4.8. This is a negative 4.8.
This is the upper limit and wall limit of your movement.
Okay? So your location.
Then the next one is
your angle.
Then angle is basically this, uh, angle between your pole
and particular vertical line.
Tra one is your velocity of your movement.
Fourth one is your, your angular velocity of the pole. Okay?
So for all of these state space, there is a limit.
The limiter here for the position is minus 4.8 to 4.8.
The angle they have given here minus infinity
to positive infinity,
but we have modified it between some particular angle,
this angle between the vertical line and your pole.
Next one is your velocity.
Velocity in the forward and backward movement,
there is upper limit and lower limit here.
This is one example of your uh, state. Okay?
State is defined by four information here.
This is the top left four element. Okay?
So first one is uh, position. Second one is your angle.
Third one is your velocity.
Fourth one is your angular velocity of this pole.
Okay, so theoretical they have given minus to positive,
but we have a limit that I will show you in
our program itself.
So this is your action space.
Zero means you are going to the left.
One means you're going to the right observation space.
It is specified here.
Observation space, as I told you, it is a
area of four element.
The first po first element is standing for your position.
Second element standing for the velocity.
Third one is pole angle.
Fourth one is a angular velocity of your pole. Okay?
And here is a limit given here.
The pole angle should be between minus 24 degree
to positive 24 degree.
Okay? And cart position.
Position is a fast index cart position is having value
between minus 2.4 to 2.4 here,
and pole angle is basically
between 24 degree positive negative
and your, um, yeah, angular velocity
and uh, there is a limit.
Some values we can put it in our program. Okay?
Okay. Now what are the reward available here?
The reward is if you are, uh,
so the moment you are able to maintain your uh, pole
between the positive 24
and negative 24 degree 19 20, 24 degree four for
the uh, every attempt you are making, you are going
to get a positive reward.
Okay? The moment you are crossing that limit, you're going
to get a negative of, you are going
to get a zero reward.
Okay? In the case of
version visual and version one,
the there are two versions available here.
Look at here. This one, carpool gymnasium.
Whenever we are calling it, we are getting here
version one here.
You can also get version zero here in case of version one,
in case of Watson one and Hudson zero.
So for every
uh, non terminating state, you are going to get zero reward
and minus one is for your terminating step.
Termination step means either you have reached the, uh,
position value will be going between minus 4.8 to 4.8.
No, it is minus 2.42, 2.4.
If you have reached this upper limit
and lower limit, then in
that case you're getting a terminating state, you are going
to get a reward of minus one.
Okay? So, so for like, for every uh,
reinforcement learning problem, your job is to maximize your
expected reward for all the uh,
attempts you have made within an episode.
Once the episode is over, in that case you calculate your,
uh, total accumulated reward, discounted reward
and store the value that is for the reward.
Opt-in for one particular episode.
Like that you can keep on increasing your episode so
that you can find out a particular policy that which state
under which state what action you should take.
Okay? So now
let us get into our,
I am running it.
Let me see how, how much episode I have done it.
74,000 episodes.
Okay,
let me stop running.
Otherwise I'm not going to move back and up.
Okay? So
This is the environment
that we're calling up here, okay?
And you just have to, we just, you got
and mat plot and this is Jim environment.
Okay? So first we're making the
first we're making the state space.
Okay? So you have four element position, velocity, angle,
angle and your angular velocity.
So what are those? State space, as I told your position is
between minus 2.4 to 2.4.
Okay? So you created, added
how many elements are going to have it here?
That is 10 elements. Okay?
Uh, just you can run it like check it out.
There's a npt digitize that effect I want to show you.
So you have an area of 10 elements, okay?
The elements are equally distance, location,
I means minus 2.4 to 1.8, whatever distances.
The same is minus 1.8 to minus 1.3, okay?
So it is basically matic progression.
This lean space is basically arithmetic progression starting
from, this is the starting position.
This is the ending position in between every point sir.
Equally located by distance of
some particular width.
That width is total
how many points you want to draw based on that.
So you can just print what is the length of them.
So you have on 10 elements, okay?
Similarly, you have velocity and
velocity, you have 10 elements for the velocity area,
you have 10 elements for your
angle, okay?
You have 10 elements for your angle, angular velocity.
So this defines here. So 10 cross, 10 cross 10, cross 10.
So many possibilities are there, okay?
This is your state space that you have defined.
Now, after that, you are going to create a Q table
because in case of Q learning, we are going
to update our Q table.
Okay? So Q table, it stores here.
Q, quality function
for taking a particular action in a particular state.
So we require two dimensional.
We used to take two dimensional uh, metrics,
but for this case we're going to take 1, 2, 3, 4.
These four information are required for your
defining one single state.
Okay? So state cross action,
how many action you have two actions, okay?
So in this case we are having a metrics of
1, 2, 3, 4, and then you have four
number or two number of actions.
So this is, you are going
to have five dimensional added fine.
So this is what you are creating. Look at.
This one is starting from here to here.
This defines your state.
From here to here is a state,
and uh, the next one is your action space.
Okay? There is a big difference here
and uh, previous example of New York taxi,
that problem we have solved.
In that case, we have not gone for definition of a state
by the help of four different topple,
I will show you the difference.
Four, tax, taxi, well frozen lake also,
we have not gone for
dividing the state according to the number of possibility.
This is only one big check
between all the environment that we're making.
So look at here when we are declaring our Q table.
So in the case of New York taxi problem
or even for poison lake,
also when you are creating the Q table,
you're creating total number of state possible multiplied
by the action, okay?
In this case, we have considered five cross,
five grid in case of taxi, okay?
And then tech where the passenger is located,
passenger is located five places,
there are four possible destination
and one is your whether the passenger is
sitting inside taxi or not.
So five possible place.
So 25 multiplied by five,
and then the location of your destination.
Okay? So destination, no, no location
of your passenger pickup.
Passenger pickup is possible out of four possible, uh,
four possible location software passenger, okay?
And four defined homes.
So it is 25, multiply by five by four, okay?
So that is a total number
of states possible in case of New York taxi.
So we have basically made it as a mm, uh, flattened,
25 plus five plus four.
We have not made a separate thing we have made
as a flattened, but here in this case,
we are not doing the flattening operation.
As I told you, from two day class onward,
we'll get into deep Q learning.
So in that case,
we'll be requiring this information beat by beat.
You are not going to do any flattening operation, okay?
So we are going to have a multidimensional metrics
for denoting your state itself.
So this is the multi dimensional metrics for your state.
Once you created that, then
after you,
You are now going to compute your Q rule.
So look at your queue objection rule.
Your queue rule is basically is remaining the same.
That is Q
state action.
A is going to be updated by the old estimate
of Q state comma action plus learning rate multiplied by
reward plus gamma multiplied by
maximization of all possible actions under the next state.
Okay? So that is the main rule.
And then take a subtraction with the old estimate.
In this problem, we are going
to just denote our state with the four different element
of your add.
Okay? This one.
So for doing this, we require the help of NP digitize
why that is required.
I will open up NP digitize
NP dot,
Let this open up. It'll
take some time. So we are not
having any difference in our queue learning mechanism, okay?
Only thing is this is the newer taxi problem.
The newer taxi problem. Our state was basically
it is a one dimensional information, okay?
Here in this case, look at this, this,
this is the objection rule for your Q function, okay?
It is Q state S comma A is getting updated
by the old estimate of QS comma plus learning rate
multiplied by dard plus of discount factor multiplied
by your new state
and the maximum value it returns
by all possible action in the new state.
Take that subtraction with the old estimate.
This is the learning rule, okay? All code remains the same.
You are within the infinite loop,
you are taking action under that action.
What is the next state and all that you're getting.
This is a standard mechanism, okay?
Now going back to your cardpool example here we have only
one difference that differences, we need to
involve this NP digitize, okay?
Look at it. Here we are having NPY digitize. What is it?
Basically the meaning
of npy digitize is basically, now look at
whenever you get, you call the state, okay?
I just do this so that you can get a clear understanding.
Let me do this. On the outside of your environment,
It's failing.
Let me import that because it is inside a function.
Let me,
this is just for me to explain you what is a need
of this, these NP or digital.
Otherwise, everything remains same.
What is this render not defined?
Okay? So we got this environment.
Now if I just call the state, so this is the state, you want
to print the state,
okay?
So you got a value for state,
this is the value minus zero point.
This is your position.
This, this coordinate, um,
and this element stands for your velocity, no angle.
Angle. This element stands for your angular velocity.
This is your, uh, no, this is a normal velocity
and this is angular velocity.
Okay? Now, if you look at
this and this, look at this, this one
position space.
So you have two minus 2.4 minus 1.8.
All are equality stands. Stay elements at there.
Now look at the state
that you have got it from your initialization.
From your initialization. Is this the ion value minus 0.04?
The minus 0.04, where does it fit in
inside this pollution space?
So pollution space, as I told you, basically you,
you can consider like this.
Let me draw out in your line.
So,
so this is your cart movement,
track what is happening.
So this is your cart movement line is thick,
okay?
So this is your cart movement track, okay?
So you have, you are, you are located right now here,
and this is your pole.
So you have positive 2.4 here,
and this is your negative 2.4.
Then onward, you have splitted this whole journey into 10
points equal distance points.
So this point is minus 1.8.
This point is minus 1.3.
That is what is, this is showing uh,
your positions position minus 2.4 minus 1.8 minus
1.3 minus 0.8.
Then Z minus 0.2 like that, okay?
Minus, then you have
minus 0.8.
Then you have minus 0.2, then onward,
all these points are there.
So basically your, your journey within this track, it is a,
it is a continuous values, whereas we are taking only a
discrete point that is here, that is here,
that is here, okay?
Where we may be located, any point between this and this
because you don't have any control of your movement
of this uh, pole.
Okay? So it may be
whenever you are taking a sample,
you may not be located just at this point exactly.
You may not be located just at this point. Exactly.
You'll be located between this and this somewhere. Okay?
So whenever your movement is like this, so we need
to make it a discretized action.
So for that we need this NPI digitize. Okay?
So what does it do? Basically this is your, this,
all these valuables is called position
state, okay?
This position state is taking this, these particular values,
whereas your state is a,
uh, what is it?
Yeah. Whereas your state is returned
by your random sample from your environment.
Whenever you get the value of state,
this value may not be exactly equal to look at this one.
This is minus 0.2 here.
Then, then left hand side main nasal is minus 0.8 here,
whereas these values minus 0.04, okay?
So 0.04, that means which point will be located
to near this zero point minus 0.04.
The next sample is 0.26.
So here is zero, we have positive 0.26.
The next sample is here. That is 0.26.
Then the next sample is, I mean next interval, not sample.
Sample is written done by your environment thing.
Next interval is 0.8, the point is 0.8.
So this particular point is 0 1 8.
Okay?
So what is that you are getting from your random sample
from your environment?
That is 0.04.
So 0.04 is located where 0.04,
it'll be somewhere here, 0.22, uh,
yeah, it'll somewhere here.
So in that case, this will be mapped to a particular index
of your state.
How many, uh, index here? 60%. 10 index. Yeah. So 10 index.
So it'll be six position.
Okay, so this position is what is in your ed,
in your state.
So in this algorithm, this Q of S comma A,
we are writing this application, right?
Uh, we are writing all the time Q
of S comma A.
This update that we're going to make from Q old
is comma a plus.
All the storms are there.
So this queue of S comma a, this as is a state.
The state is having four elements position,
uh, then you have a angle, then you have a velocity,
and then you have a angular velocity.
All of this, among these only this position,
it is having 10 elements inside this 10 element.
Whenever your environment is returning as random value,
let's say it is now here, okay?
0.04, it is here.
So you are going to return the state number.
This is sixth position. So here it'll be set to be sixth.
Okay? And then similarly, this angle value is also returned
by your environment,
whereas you have created a lean space of angle.
How many possibilities are there for lean space?
Again, it has to be mapped to some particular interval.
That value returned by your environment has to be mapped
to a particular interval.
That interval index will be somewhere here,
it may be somewhere three.
So like that it is going to make a state.
Mm-hmm because uh, it is a multidimensional metrics.
So metrics are basically demoted by each and every index.
These index values are particular inte valve,
which is not a fraction value like this.
It is not a fraction value like this.
So this mapping to a particular index
by which you can apply this
QS comm I basically it is a matrix operation element
by element objection.
So that has to happen by the help of something
and that's something is called NP digitize.
Okay? So you got this, this is your state first element.
The first element has to fall within this long interval.
That interval is minus 0.2 2 0 1 2 6.
So what is that interval?
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Okay? So if you consider the bean counting from your lower
limit side, then it is five.
If you consider the higher limit side, then it is six.
So between five and six it is, okay? So that is why.
Now, if we do this mapping by the help of NP digitize,
now I call this this, this one state,
this, this thing I'm going to call it.
Okay? So this state P should return,
I think it'll return five, either five
or six depending on what kind of settings we have.
If you look at the n input digitize here, if you look at
the manual of NP
or digitize, it says that it returns the
index of the VINs
to which each value in the input added belongs.
So what is the input data? Input error is X, okay?
It'll return the index of the bin.
So the second uh, argument
inside your NP digitize is the bin.
In our case, we have this in our case.
In our case, this is,
this is the bin which has a equal interval of 10 elements.
And this is a random value return by your, uh,
first index state.
This one is a random value written
by your environment sampling.
So in which particular index that value belong,
that is returned by this.
So let us just print,
let us just print this state P
So it is interior
who is giving five value, okay?
What is that being basically in the
fifth position as I told you.
So here it is, right? Is false. So it is giving five.
If I make it to be right is equal to
two, then if I
print it, it'll return
still, okay?
In any case, uh, so I think
This starts with zero, right?
So that's why always,
Yeah, add index starts with zero.
But uh, the specification here is if I set it to be true,
I mean false or true depending on that.
So it'll return the bin
of the I minus one element is lesser than equal
to the add element and it is greater than greater than
greater than in that case, it'll return the value
of I minus one.
Okay? So here is the example. They have given,
you have a X added near have bin
that is equal interval distance, okay?
Under which bin all these values are getting falling.
That index is returned by and Peter digitized. Okay?
So once we do that, we are going to get a particular value
of state five or like that, okay?
So this is all we need for this method.
You can do it by reducing to one dimensional,
just like we have done it for New York taxi,
but in that case so many states, so 10 crossed,
10 crossed 10, uh, ten four of 4 10, 4
of four state is going to be very difficult
for learning purpose, right?
But in this case, it is not going to be so much
of exhaustive values, okay?
So after that you are going to call the same principle
of your Q learning for this particular state.
You're getting updated by the same state
under the same action from the Q learning rule.
That's it. Okay?
After that, this learning,
this queue function is getting updated,
then you assign all the new state information
to your old state informations and then your look goes on.
I, okay,
so here what we are printing is,
what we're doing is basically the loop automation condition.
The loop automation condition is on
until we hit the maximum number of
here I have given the terminate.
Either you are getting into a terminated state,
which is returned by your environment sampling,
or the total reward that you have accumulated
300 less than 300.
You the one you get more than 300, your game is over.
That means you have win the game. Okay?
So now if we run it, it'll take some amount of time
is going on.
So look at this, if silent value is falling down, okay?
Because we have made it exile, if silent to have a dec rate,
if silent is equal to one means it is going
to take a random action from the environment, okay?
And if silent is falling down,
it is basically the moment you are updating your Q function
more and more, you are not going
to do random action from the environment.
Instead of that, you're going
to learn it from your previous values
of QQ function value, okay?
So if, if certain is one, it is called random action.
It is called the complete exploration.
And if salon value is falling down, it's going below 0.5.
That one it is called you are into a exploitation mode.
That means all the Q functions are already
learned and saturated.
So now we are going to use those Q function.
You are exploiting the Q table.
Now to update your Q table,
you are exploiting the old values of q2.
So as and when your, uh,
is going down, okay?
So for every episode that you are restarting, uh,
like every episode,
you are increasing basically every time you're increasing
episode, look at
your average reward, which is showing the last entity.
That average, average reward is not rising
as a linear function.
It is having a lot of, uh, ups and downs.
It is not rising as a linear function.
Okay? So what is the main reason behind it?
The main reason is as I told you,
I have shown you in the fast class itself,
on the fast class, I mean the first class
of your model free.
That is TD learning and uh, mono learning, like in case
of a exact method of solving by the help of your unit,
one knowledge every time your reward is
increasing for every state.
But if you don't assume that you have all the knowledge
of your environment, in that case, you are going to see a
down of your reward as your episode goes on.
However, throughout the time, if you consider
then the mean reward at the end, it'll be higher than your,
uh, reward that you have obtained in the initial phase
because it is gonna take a expected reward.
So we have not kept any limit of your episode total,
how many episode you're going to try.
We kept the limit of your reward.
So the, so long as your reward is not less than 300,
so long as reward is remaining less than 300,
your episode will go on
for every a hundred episode.
We are printing the value.
When the values are not rising all the time,
it is going down, going on.
Okay, let it run.
It'll take another three minute,
another three minute, it'll complete it.
Look at did I configure any kind of reward
or negative reward?
This is the learning rate, the discount factor, il,
IL decay reward.
Uh, we are not inserting any negative reward.
Whatever reward is generated by the environment,
we're accepting as it is.
Yeah. So there's no negative reward.
If this run is completing, then after it'll take,
let me keep the review to be 180 and then
because to plot the values for rendering purpose,
termination condition, let it hundred.
Okay? So let it learn for three, four minutes.
Uh, you have any question
rendering I want to show.
That's why it'll take, I have restarted the game again.
So you can see there is no difference between this
New York taxi or even if you look at your frozen lake,
it's frozen lake and New York taxi.
There is no difference. Just change the name of environment.
Same program will run in case
of this, uh, carpo only thing is
state definition, we have made a change in the structure,
okay?
For next class I will get into
deep Q learning wherein we have to use uh,
neural network to train the same thing.
Yeah. So the value function all will be same.
No, only it'll go to the neural network.
Hmm, yeah, yeah. Value function is a standard definition.
Yes sir. Uh,
But we'll not use any formula like this.
We are using, uh, this Q rule, right?
This, uh, QS column A, that formula will not be used here,
uh, in case of neural network.
Yes, That they will learn it from the sample
that you are providing.
Now for the neural network,
you already know it is basically supervise learning.
So you need to provide the good sample.
Oops. Those sample will be used to train your,
your, uh, network that like this Q function
that you're going to train QS comma a.
It has a value. That value is keep on rising, okay?
Uh, it is not keep on rising
because in case of, as I told you, TD learning monte,
all the, it'll not be keep on rising all the time.
It'll be sometime falling like this.
You can see mean reward is falling and then again rising.
So this QS comm A, that value has not reached rates.
Uh, saturation point. This keep on learning, okay?
That learning has to happen from a group sample.
In this case, we don't provide any good or bad sample.
In this case, we are providing the formula
and a destination.
If you is a destination, you are going to get a reward
of one, otherwise you'll not get any reward.
Yes sir. In case of neural network, in addition
to provide that destination reaching,
you are going to get one reward.
In addition to that, you're going to give him a good sample
by which you're going to train him.
Uh, that is a tedious job.
Uh, that's why uh, this uh, normal Q learning
that right now I'm learning lineman doing this.
These are going to be a real time example compared
to a deep Q learning for
because for deep Q learning, you need
to provide a good sample.
So good sample should be available at your hand.
Yeah, sure. So thank you.
There is one kind
of learning inside reinforcement learning.
It is called actor critic network, that I will show you
after getting into dq learning Actor Critic network means
there is a actor, it is like just like English,
meaning there is a actor, the actor is taking some action
and after he has taken na, a series of action,
that means he's completing an episode,
then he's going to a evaluator.
He is asking, how good was my action?
So there is a critic who is evaluating his all
of his sequential actions.
So that is called actor critic network. Mm-hmm. Yes.
A movie review kind of things. Ah, yes, yes.
Movie review or you can say, uh, like a
children is starting to draw, okay?
So every time he makes a stroke, he looks at a reference,
uh, reference diagram of the same object.
And uh, after he has completed the diagram, he goes
to his teacher or parent ask, how good was my drawing?
The same thing here. Yes. After.
So we have that in reinforcement learning.
So as I told you, these are all real time uh, learning
by mimicking human being.
Yes, thank you. I hope this will end now. Almost 99.
The mean reward has come, it should end
if s detail also 0.07.
So how do we choose this DK rates? Sir?
Is there specific to the use case
or it just general always. Uh,
It a general, it is a falling curve
of negative exponential like that.
It starts from one slowly, it'll go down to zero.
When it is near to zero, no,
it is using the queue table already populated in information
to learn any new queue.
Hello? Almost, yeah.
Zero now. Uh, hundred.
Now it should stop.
Stop it.
Stopping criteria
is one, two.
Oh yeah, it is mainly hundred.
It should, I should have made it 200.
It'll not break.
It'll not break it now. It'll break. Okay.
Let me see whether I
can save it or not.
If it is saving not
save it because I have aborted execution,
I don't think it can save it 'cause it is inside a function.
This are not available.
Okay. So I'll share this program.
You run it, then you render it,
you'll see some plots coming up.
Okay? Yeah, sure.
So download it and share it now.
'cause I, otherwise I forget.
So if you don't have any more question, then I can
after this close up the session today.
Yes, sir.
Got
the last one notebook.
Have you got it? No sir.
Okay, let me send you card.
The last one was, I think it was New York taxi
frozen link.
You have got it for Q Learning?
No sir, it is, it was not there. So
Lemme send you, but you send them all actually
maybe a zip or something.
I'm sending this all for your Q learning.
So this ends your Q learning next class on
what we'll get into Deep Q learning the tax cq.
Another one is frozen lake.
Once we get into deep Q learning, it'll you'll see
lot more interesting thing.
It's there.
Learning
taxi, key learning.
Mm-hmm
Is containing there
taxi?
This one is there. You can find out
many, uh, good lectures.
Better than me in internet. Okay.
If you have time you can go ahead and search them.
One of them I can send you the link here itself.
Yes, sir.
For some learning card is a very famous example
I send you.
It is a very small lecture.
Um, there was an Indian person,
um,
this one can go.
Yes.
Okay, so you'll get it.
Uh, you have any more question?
Otherwise we can wind up to discuss? Yes, sure sir.
Certify time now. Thank you sir. Thank you sir.
Thank you sir. Thank you sir.